[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is the Lenovo yoga book
starts at $500 for the Android version
and if you want to pay an extra $50 you
can get a Windows version same hardware
just the Windows version is running
Windows now I've used both of them
pretty extensively if you're going to
get one of these I would highly
recommend the Android version now the
build quality is top-notch it feels very
similar to something that would normally
run you 800 or even up to $1,000 it has
that watchband hinge good materials not
much chassis flex it's very well built
the ports are limited but it's expected
given the size of the device you get
micro USB micro HDMI and micro sd so the
internal storage is 64 gigs you'll need
to rely on SD cards if you need to store
a lot of stuff locally there's also a
pair of speakers located on the sides so
I had a pre-production review unit
before that one had really mediocre
speakers but this retail version is much
improved surprisingly clear and loud it
makes the yoga book an excellent media
consumption device the 10.1 inch screen
runs at 1920 by 1200 it has a good color
gamut and it gets bright it's not
perfectly calibrated out of the box but
it's a really solid screen the yoga book
also comes with the stylus but it
doesn't work on the screen you can't
draw on it directly so the stylus is a
two-in-one pen slash stylus you can
change the nib to either be a plastic
tip stylus or it can be a fully
functional pen it comes with three pen
refills and you can easily get more now
it doesn't work on the screen but it
interacts with the create pad which is
this whole area down here so the create
pad is the main feature of this product
it's the feature that drew everyone's
attention when it was announced it's a
glass surface that can function as a
full keyboard or as a Wacom tablet for
creative work and they've designed it to
keep the profile of the product super
thin so you can use it like a regular
art tablet for illustrations and artwork
it's a good tablet and it feels very
similar to a mid-tier Wacom tablet just
a little bit smaller but there is a
little bit of input lag and you can also
write on it or put paper like the
included notepad on top and then use the
pen to write on that paper and it'll
keep track of all
your stroke so that has a digital record
of anything that you write down you do
need to use the pen that they've
included you can't just use any regular
pen but even though it's a really cool
feature it's not something that I
personally found myself ever using over
the past few weeks it's something that I
mean it's cool to look at it's fun to
play with but unless you're someone who
writes regularly you probably won't use
this very often the keyboard function is
the important thing for me and I think
this is the feature that has to be
awesome if it's going to be universally
appealing but I don't love it okay when
you type on a regular keyboard the
physical feedback is really important
your fingertips can kind of feel the
different keys to help you figure out
your location even without looking at it
but on this keyboard there's no sense of
location there is haptic vibration when
you type and you can see the glowing
keys with your peripheral vision but
that's it it's like typing on an iPad
the keyboard learns your typing habits
over time but I've been using this for
over two weeks at this point and I still
can't touch type effectively on it the
trackpad also isn't amazing the glass
surface isn't smooth there's a lot of
friction when you use it and it only has
a tap function for clicking so there's
no buttons to physically press my unit
is running Android marshmallow 6.0.1 and
so let's be updated to nougat relatively
soon I kind of wish it was running
Chrome but that's another conversation I
prefer the Android version over the
Windows version just because Android
gives a better touch experience than
Windows 10 does right now and also using
this trackpad in Windows isn't ideal the
2 megapixel webcam looks like this it's
decent quality and there's also a rear
facing camera when it's in tablet mode
if you want to use it performance is
more than sufficient it's an Atom
processor with 4 gigs of RAM it's
fanless so it doesn't generate much heat
even if you're stressing it out pretty
heavily on benchmarks Atom processors
aren't designed for any kind of heavy
duty stuff like raw photo editing but
it'll handle light and moderate tasks
without a problem so I can play a
youtube video while having four or five
chrome tabs open pretty comfortably
battery life is great I was consistently
getting around 9 hours of regular use
and that's a full day of battery life so
you can leave the charger at home ok if
you're a student who types a lot or some
who needs a really good keyboard you
probably can't use the yoga book as your
primary device but if you're someone who
just touches occasionally and you want
to have a device
can use for creative work as well as
some productivity work as well as being
awesome for media consumption this is a
really cool device I mean it's not for
everyone but I think that Lenovo did a
really good job on their first execution
of this whole kind of genre of product I
think that future versions of this can
be awesome especially work out the kinks
with the keyboard but as for right now I
would reserve this for people that want
to purchase it for me to consumption
primarily and then productivity and
creative work as a secondary thing hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time
[Music]